We have two species of hardwood cutting boards, each having different characteristics.
Please contact us for more information or to make a purchase.

Maple Cutting Boards - $50

Maple is a hardwood with over 125 species of trees. It is a closed-pore hardwood, making it ideal for a cutting board. It is more white in colour with dark brown grain usually in the middle of the cross section.  Each piece is unique and the darker grains will vary piece to piece.

Contact us to make a purchase; pick up at our home-office or shipping is available.
If you prefer one board's character over another, please tell us the name of that board in your order.

The Plain Maple: 
Minimal wood grain details: 

The Stripe Maple: 
Wavy, dark wood grain

The Stripe Maple:
Thick, dark wood grain

Maple boards

Live edge with most of it's bark

Also makes a great charcuterie board (muffins not include)

NOTE: each cutting board will be slightly different and yours may not look exactly like the pictures above. Please let us know what characteristics you like the most from these sample pictures. 

Ash Cutting Boards - $50

Ash is one of the hardest woods with a course open grain, which makes it ideal for cutting boards. It's colour is a creamy white to light brown with the heartwood being tan to dark brown.

Contact us to make a purchase; pick up at our home-office or shipping is available. 
If you prefer one board's character over another, please tell us the name of that board in your order.

The Multicolour Ash: 
Wide darker grain with dark  details

The Multicolor Ash: 
Wide darker grain with dark details

The Traditional Ash: 
Wide darker grain

Ash boards

Live edge with most of it's bark

NOTE: each cutting board will be slightly different and yours may not look exactly like the pictures above. Please let us know what characteristics you like the most from the sample pictures.

Dimensions

17&#8243;L x 8&#8243;W x 1&#8243;H

Each of our cutting boards are hand cut from re-claimed logs; therefore the size of each board will vary 1-2&#8243; from the above dimensions.

Product Information 

These custom cutting boards are cross cuts from hardwood logs: maple and ash. Our boards have kept most of their bark through the milling process, giving them rustic charm.

Our boards will be similar to the pictures above; the pictures are meant to be a sample of what the maple or ash cutting boards will look like. Working with natural wood doesn't allow us to have too many pieces that are exactly the same; each board will vary in size, vary in their appearance, and will vary with their natural character. Wood has imperfections, but just like people, we are accepting of all imperfections - after all, it's the imperfections that create some of the most stunning pieces. 

We think this board is ideal for everyday use such as a serving platter or for adding rustic charm to your dinner party.

If you would like a special touch to your board, we will brand your board with our logo at no additional cost. When you place your order, please let us know if you are interested.

Cutting Board Care

We have treated each board with an all-natural cutting board oil, Clark's Cutting Board Oil.  This oil will penetrate deep into the wood, will prevent drying & cracking, is food safe & anti-microbial, and is perfectly blended with essential oils. 

We recommend regularly caring for your cutting board to ensure it performs at it's best.  For more information and available products, please click here.
